he needs to sedate the elephant so that
the snail can be safely removed guys we
are ready we go have the elephant this
is good I'm happy now the vets here Fred
works alongside a spotter plane to
locate the injured boo
[Music]
he wants to dart it quickly to stop it
from suffering
[Music]
okay so uh the French managed to buy the
dark and elephants taken off through the
piece we're just going to try and locate
it
[Music]
choppers on the ground that's really
shocking
I mean my boss you're black
[Music]
on his side the Bulls breathing is
labored we have to move fast to remove
the snare poachers have simply used
winch cable from a truck
[Music]
a snare like this is cheap to make it
could have caught any of Weaver's found
behind it with Robert to me a possible
problem the reason that this animal has
endured unimaginable pain is for this
his tusks defies belief how cruel people
can be how senseless
this whole thing is because so much for
an ornament simply for an ornament he's
treated with a special play they'll help
heal the wound
what do you think Fred you think he's
you think he'll survive
ah the guy's body condition is good he
was walking and also getting to another
bad level but it's still ok to survive
you see the bone is not involved don't I
believe in targets ok so when the bone
is in time the soft tissue can easily
really repair recovery and finally the
wound is treated with an antibiotic
spray all that remains is to wake him up
well my word hey fella okay move it back
don't take it
you